how to grow a brand new tiktok account
fast step by step today i'm going to
show you how you can grow a brand new
tick tock account you've probably seen
accounts getting millions of views
followers and engagement completely out
of the blue in the past year and that's
one of the coolest things about tiktok
you don't need to be a celebrity in
order to grow an account pretty much
overnight i can't tell you anything that
would be guaranteed to generate millions
of followers and views but in the last
six months i've grown my account from
zero to over thirty thousand followers i
haven't been able to grow that fast in
other platforms in the last couple years
because they're too competitive but with
tick tock which is a relatively new
platform not only have i grown my
account but i've also had hundreds and
thousands of views in three of my videos
if you ask me that's not too shabby and
i haven't been able to get that number
of views on instagram for example so
here are a few things that the most
popular accounts have in common and you
should apply if you want to grow on tick
tock step one
find inspiration if you haven't been
around on tick tock for a while you
probably don't have many great ideas of
what works best in that platform i can
tell you that the type of content that
works on tick tock is pretty much
different from what you see working on
facebook or youtube and twitter for
example even if you're used to seeing
lots of high-performing reels on
instagram which is a very similar type
of content you can learn a lot from
checking tik-tok accounts that are
booming
what you want to learn is the different
types of formats that they're using
their editing style and how they go
about publishing educational content
entertainment content and other types of
content that you may be interested in
for your brand
but here's the thing you should limit
how many sources of inspiration you're
using don't get overwhelmed by trying to
model after too many different accounts
pick two or four creators that are
similar to you but don't pick huge
creators with more than a million
followers now with these creators you
want to find their high impact content
look at the videos that these creators
created when they were starting off that
generated millions of views the ones
that help them break through the
algorithm help them get the following
model after that
step two plan your content topics to
appeal to broad audience on other
platforms it's great when you niche down
and try to serve a specific audience but
with tick tock when you're just starting
that's when it's better if you don't put
yourself inside a small box that'll
limit your ability to grow go as broad
as possible in terms of topics that
you're approaching try different content
formats such as blogs tips educational
videos entertainment videos heck even
dancing videos and then see what
performs the best so that you can focus
more on it in the future
as you learn from your audience about
what's the most appealing for them then
you can start gradually niching down to
more specific areas and topics step 3 in
your first month create content calendar
to post few content pieces each day and
record them in batches just like now i'm
not recording one video that you're
seeing here i record 16 at a time when
you're starting out you should be
focusing on is learning so that way you
can optimize as you go along and in
order to learn fast you should be trying
to publish three to five times a day so
that you can start collecting as much
data as possible and then of course over
time if you want to slow down you can if
you don't want to record content every
day that's okay the best thing to do is
plan at least one week's worth of
content at once and then just record
that entire batch at the same time
step four spend some time understanding
content formats that are the most
impactful for you and what i mean by
that is learning how creators do amazing
introductions in the first few seconds
of video in other words they're hooking
them in without that people to sleep
learning how they manage to keep an
audience engaged throughout the middle
of their videos is also important and
then most importantly learn how creators
are developing enough value that gets
people to keep coming back and follow
them
when you look at the watch time of your
own videos you can get a sense of where
people are dropping off so that way you
can continually improve
those areas of your content in the
future
step five make sure you use captions
your videos remember not everyone has
sound on so make sure you're using
captions so that way people are in a
public setting they can just read and
get what your video is all about that
way you get more engagement and less
people leaving
step six keep track of your critical
metrics there are a few metrics that
will help you determine what makes a
great piece of content and what makes a
content piece fail in terms of
performance you should be looking at
things like views likes common shares
these are really critical when it comes
to traffic sources tick tock allows you
to see what features inside the app are
sending you traffic it's really
important to know where your traffic's
coming from so you can double down on
those sources and get more of it you
should always leverage what's working
for you and stick with it as long as
it's working always of course you want
to keep trying new things as well but
focus majority of your efforts on the
areas that your metrics are showing that
are working and driving the views and
followers and engagement